treated here by
the back of us
become
and I know more savings never went to
kind of copy that but I think they took
the mess up and it's just
my friend was just in Stuttgart for good
for the s 63 and 65 show last week okay
he said there
what model is this a 16 US Class
Mercedes s550 long wheelbase this is a
hot car where's the value in
botany north
hey we'll tell you where don't worry
the s-class in the S 2014 team is very
sure Oh guys come on I'm gonna make this
boat on fire
come off turn yeah actually yes
this person is the creator of the SQL
and you take a picture of me with him I
mean is this not just how do you go
and see I used to touch that point
that's Lake
with temperature control you can cool or
heat
it's called food comas eggs we means
five point six liters okay and that's a
displacement of a enjoin de okay and you
know my next week my dream car there's a
300 SEL okay people go on have what the
only nineteen eighties no it's a it's a
goal in yeah that is how I try to get
one one day okay
no can go there is what I'm gonna get
yeah 513 is a hello Kyle 500 in the end
the interior 300 LEDs are eliminating
hoses you can change the color scheme
wretch
well this is so amazing
they say this the interior rivals that
of a mate Mabel yeah 450 horsepower v8
thank you nothing nothing here nice
air-conditioned and you're like a
massage
no way they actually have an Outback
inside an airbag in the seat oh yeah I
actually got my fake breasts to act as
airbags but since it's already nine
airbags
yeah but they were great I spent ten
twelve thousand dollars on my breast
this is this is amazing
it's
when legged driving tomorrow ya know
when do I know George said to email in
the morning and he'll okay he'll get me
in okay
I ordered an s 63 the AMG model I
amazing I've driven a number of AMG s
and there are the only cars for me did
they show it to you already the two did
you I have to Joe test private not yet
no but I've driven a number of AMG s and
if it's if it's anything like the ones
I've already had this will be an amazing
car in terms of meters turn left onto
Lake Shore Boulevard West - yeah so by
strauss ii everyone who's reviewed this
car has said that this
this is leaps and bounds above anything
else
technically this car can drive itself
yeah that's true
I was gonna order an e63 the new e but I
have three little ones and three little
ones won't fit in the backseat of an e63
and as the ml63 of the e63 my wife has
an e she started off with the e
two ns and now she's trying to see LS it
just lucky
the nanny has a B I'll have sixty
degrees so the whole time an SMS and I
have an SMS now it's parked downstairs
this is surface this is dynamite nice
thank you so much sure I am I am indeed
Fergus Thank You sunny and you got a boy
Joe
Kyrie they said you guys were like the
Cash Cab and my mom no
you